do the crocodile crocodile people
games and today we're here for one more
fifa 15 sensational video and today
guys with another series video
hip to see this series that you
they both like it if you do not know the galley
how does it work in the hip you
Send picks for us to people.
people take our opinion and put the
players in the best possible way is
for you to play and have fun with your
friends then have your hips send
We're there on crocodile facebook.
games or send here in the comments we
Let's read and burn. Pick us.
was rodrigo sabatini and bruno galera
two colleagues of mine who are always
playing fifa there I will not climb the
name them step by step that the name
of these chosen ones are very difficult to
talk guys I'm leaving the name of
all players here in the description of the
video you can take a look if you
Want to build a team like this one?
spent some 30 million and 35 million to
set up this team and it worked hard
for my opponents, people
I really work
You'll see, there, look at this first one.
opponent we are going to play against
Look at the team we face with this
Korean team
nothing more nothing less than four
tellin boxes he had modric
had branches rodrigues cross sergio ramos
Daniel Martinez
chrism is miranda my multi
face we're going to face
And this team, I'm going to talk here to
I played you in 442 between relatives 2
guys, one thing I can not let
to tell you in the very beginning is
about a keeper of this Korean team
practically he catches me
very much limited but it is seeing
sensational that goal of the team there
Korean despite having having done
this shit on the ball out and more
keeper is spectacular
he is everything was he very much remembers the pt already
that not only is it nothing to do with
Nothing happens, nothing else.
defense
this amazing players are upset
turn live and I'm not mistaken and the
defender he who runs 91 93 if I do not
I'm wrong, you run too far, you'll run.
and not to mention the attack that these
two Koreans who are there are good
they arrive there all the time in the
face of the goal giving a lot of work if you
do you like to take that one?
challenge with his friend and such or online
take a leisurely make
home from his face guys you
follow the videos here of crocodile
games very much this team there guys that you
will laugh a lot because he will
be very nervous about losing to this
almost all silver time
we only have one player k had gold is
a bayer player leverkusen a
bundesliga player is a star
Actually dodo is the star of this team.
Korean is single box is is a gold that
of this team and it really is the best
player
It's a shame he left me like I already
I've spoken in other videos that you
accompanies the position mmd in that fifa 15
are not so active in the galera then
people end up losing a player of
great potential but you can also
risk and put on the attack change the
little box from there to n ha and put it
on the attack is very successful too
because he's different than I do
I played here a little like the game I think
that I played a 67 games with this team
Korean and I gave much laughter I
amused enough if you like too
set up various casts to play
beach to test looks only this defender
defender did not leave the benzema and
selfishness player and a counter attack
there is no way guys the attackers they
are turned from the light giraffe is really
Hello, penalty for us because you do not have
how to catch the attackers are very
fast
they remind the Nigerians a lot there
muse emenike is the oba oba martins
incredible players there in attack you
Are you going to laugh a lot with me?
be fucking losing you to continue
Korean and bridge the korea does not have much
expression in football and you will
a lot of laugh the middle-of-the-field guys I
I rode more
surely gives you to enter a team
in 4 12 12
and you will have to play with only one
this was not a choice.
choose one of the flyers there I
choose candyall insung is one of the one
the wheels I liked another
There is half a mouth but that yard is
samsung
Sorry if I have promotional
pronouncing it wrong it is the best
So you count on peace of mind.
To talk to you and you can play.
to 4 12 12 with this team and you can play
Also in the gallery if you have is a
very good dialing level you can
have to play on 3 5 2 because it gives
for you to buy another defender and have
many good goianos defenders come out of these
and you will ride on the 3rd
3 5 2 their team does not tire these
Korea runs too far and does not lose
organized and back goes back and forth
come back and not tired fast I can I
fun playing too well to give
You test this team a lot and I eat it.
The way I like to talk to you
This team costs 35 thousand 35
and gives little for you to play up to 3rd 2nd
division looks great on you
any opponent with this team there
Korean
People, I hope you have
I like this video, I realize that our
time and I became a 3 to 1 gain already
of our opponent and the goalkeeper
he is still militating
true miracles is one thing
amazing what happened to me playing with
This Korean team
You can also buy them if you
want more videos like this guys do not
forget to leave your like your fan
It's very important for us, we'll see.
if we strike the miracles that the
purpose of these bild frames
if you have a square and want to show
For everyone, we want you to test.
here you leave your sport here in
No description whatsoever, do not tell us
go on the crocodile facebook games
Let's have the pleasure of riding and
try talking here to everyone, this is it
your stadium I'm going to stay here
hug you guys, do not forget
You 're new, you do not want to lose any more.
video click here under the button
sign up so you do not lose any more
video of the crocodile games I'm getting
here is a hug for you until
next video and
went